[Guide] Document default team configuration for Autopilot hosts (#49603)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/windows-mdm-setup.md

2. After it's been wiped, open your workstation and follow the setup steps. On the screen in which you're asked to sign in, you should see the title "Welcome to [your organization]!" next to the logo you uploaded in step 4.

### Set a default team for Autopilot-enrolled hosts

_Available in Fleet Premium_

By default, Windows hosts enrolled via Autopilot are added to "No team." You can configure a default team so that Autopilot-enrolled hosts are automatically assigned to a specific team — similar to how [Apple Business Manager default teams](https://fleetdm.com/guides/macos-mdm-setup#set-a-default-team-for-hosts-enrolled-via-abm) work.

#### In the UI

1. Head to **Settings > Integrations > MDM > Windows MDM**.

2. Under **Automatic enrollment**, use the **Default team** dropdown to select the team that automatically enrolled (Windows Autopilot) hosts should be assigned to.

3. Select **Save**.

#### Via GitOps (YAML)

> Add the `windows_autopilot_default_team` key under `mdm` in your global (org) settings YAML file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `windows_automatic_enrollment` key under `mdm` in your global (org) settings YAML file:
```

```yaml
  mdm:
    windows_automatic_enrollment:

>       default_fleets: "💻 Workstations"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      default_fleet: "💻 Workstations"
```
